Create a version of the specification which drops bower support in favour of npm (#273)
Financial-Times/origami-website: _specification-v1/sass.md

Origami component styles are authored in <a href="http://sass-lang.com/" class="o-typography-link--external">Sass</a>, specifically the SCSS syntax. Sass features **should** be used only where they result in increased clarity and reuse. Care should be taken that the resulting CSS is not compromised by unnecessary Sass nesting.

## Sass compiler

> Origami components **must** be able to be compiled with the <a href="https://sass-lang.com/dart-sass" class="o-typography-link--external">Dart-sass</a> compiler.

Author: ```suggestion
Origami components **must** be able to be compiled with the primary implementation of Sass.
```

Reviewer: 👍 This is good. It gives us permission to remove `libsass` compilation tests from `origami-build-tools` for v2 components. We should add documentation to the migration guides which says to move to dart sass, the primary implementation

Reviewer 2: I think we should put this back to "Dart Sass", and if a new implementation comes out that we want to use that we create a new specification that names it.

having it be "The Primary Implementation" means that components can become non-spec compliant just by sitting there.

this reminds me of how the javascript's specification of `.trim()` says that it must remove the unicode specification's definition of whitespace, which changes independently of the javascript specification. 

what do you think?

Author: That is an excellent point with a great real-world example 😅

Origami component styles are authored in <a href="http://sass-lang.com/" class="o-typography-link--external">Sass</a>, specifically the SCSS syntax. Sass features **should** be used only where they result in increased clarity and reuse. Care should be taken that the resulting CSS is not compromised by unnecessary Sass nesting.

## Sass compiler

> Origami components **must** be able to be compiled with the primary implementation of Sass with a <a href="https://sass-lang.com/documentation/at-rules/use#load-paths" class="o-typography-link--external">load path</a> that only contains `node_modules`.

Author: ```suggestion
Origami components **must** be able to be compiled with the <a href="https://sass-lang.com/dart-sass" class="o-typography-link--external">Dart-sass</a> compilter with a <a href="https://sass-lang.com/documentation/at-rules/use#load-paths" class="o-typography-link--external">load path</a> that only contains `node_modules`.
```
Reverting because of the issues [@chee pointed out](https://github.com/Financial-Times/origami-website/pull/273#discussion_r512765591) about components becoming spec noncompliant if a new primary sass implemenation is released and they do not work with it.

## Sass Includes

If a component contains SCSS files other than the root `main.scss` file:

- Files for import **must** be prefixed with an underscore, to [indicate privacy](#private-sass).
- All import statements **must** be imported before any other Sass.
- All import statements **should** be in the components’s `main.scss` file.

> - Sass variables, mixins, and functions **should** be in their own files.

Reviewer: The index scss file is now a **must**?

Author: Do you mean we are currently missing a requirement in the spec?
Like this?
```suggestion
- Sass variables, mixins, and functions **should** be in their own files.
- `_index.scss` **must** exist and only import the `main.scss` file.
```

## Sass Includes

> If a component contains SCSS files other than the root `main.scss` file:

Author: I can't find a *must* for the existence of `main.scss` or what it should contain.

If this doesn't exist in the spec, I think we should add it in now

- Files for import **must** be prefixed with an underscore, to [indicate privacy](#private-sass).
- All import statements **must** be imported before any other Sass.
- All import statements **should** be in the components’s `main.scss` file.

> - Sass variables, mixins, and functions **should** be in their own files.

Author: Do we require these be in specific files?

## Sass Includes

If a component contains SCSS files other than the root `main.scss` file:

- Files for import **must** be prefixed with an underscore, to [indicate privacy](#private-sass).
- All import statements **must** be imported before any other Sass.
- All import statements **should** be in the components’s `main.scss` file.
- Sass variables, mixins, and functions **should** be in their own files.

> - `_index.scss` **must** exist and only import the `main.scss` file.

Author: We should not include this, so that we can investigate sass modules.
We could introduce sass modules via the _index.scss file and still have the primary mixin feom the main.scs file
```suggestion
- `_index.scss` **must** exist and only import the `main.scss` file.
```

> Components that make use of styles defined in other components which support silent mode **must** use those styles silently, e.g. for a component `o-foo` which depends on `o-bar`:

Reviewer: Note: This section of the specification needs updating to [remove the silent mode variable in favour of the primary mixin](https://github.com/Financial-Times/origami/pull/121). V2 component **must not** output styles by default on `@import`.

Components that make use of styles defined in other components which support silent mode **must** use those styles silently, e.g. for a component `o-foo` which depends on `o-bar`:
```

> @import '@financial-times/o-bar';

Author: ```suggestion
@import '@financial-times/o-bar/main';
```
